Meta Ad Library
Ad Library
Ad Library Report
Ad Library API
Branded Content
​
Log in
Ad Library
Ad Library Report
Ad Library API
Branded Content
System status
Subscribe to email updates
FAQ
About ads and data use
Privacy
Terms
Cookies
Ad Library
Search all the ads currently running across Meta technologies, as well as:
Ads about social issues, elections or politics that have run in the past seven years
Ads that have run anywhere in the EU in the past year
Ads that have run in the UK in the past year and that have run after July 1, 2025


To find an ad, search for keywords or an advertiser.
​
An ad will appear in the Ad Library within 24 hours of the time it gets its first impression. Any changes or updates made to an ad will also be reflected in the Ad Library within 24 hours.
Search ads
Set your location and choose an ad category to start your search. View search tips.
United States
​
Ad category
​
​
Explore other tools
You can also find detailed ad information by using the Ad Library Report or the Ad Library API.
Download information and track spending
For ads about social issues, elections or politics, use the Ad Library Report to see overall spending totals and details about spending by advertiser and location.
Who the report is for
Anyone who wants to quickly explore, filter and download data on ads about social issues, elections or politics.
Go to Report
Customize your own search
Use the Ad Library API to build custom searches using parameters like an ad's estimated audience size, country or language.
Who the API is for
People who know a little about how programming works. You’ll need to complete a few steps to access the API.
Go to API
Search for branded content
Use the branded content search to find posts, stories, videos and reels on Facebook and Instagram that involve a paid partnership. You can filter by app and by date.
Who the search is for
Anyone who wants to see content from a creator who worked together with a business.
Go to branded content
Frequently asked questions
What is the Meta Ad Library?
What ads are in the Ad Library and what information will I find about them?
Where can I find advertiser targeting selections for ads about social issues, elections or politics?
Do I need a Facebook account to use the Ad Library?
How are ads about social issues, elections or politics identified?
How are dates and times recorded in the Ad Library?
How long does it take for an ad to show up in the Ad Library?
How does Meta decide which ads to show me?
Why do some ads in the Ad Library have a watermark?
System status
About ads and data usePrivacyTermsCookies
English (US)